Standard authorization for backbeat routes (#5714)
scality/cloudserver: docs/BACKBEAT_ROUTES.md

# Backbeat routes

Backbeat routes are implemented in `lib/routes/routeBackbeat.js`.

This special router is responsible for handling all the requests that are
related to the Backbeat service. Backbeat may call any of the below APIs to
perform operations on either data or s3 objects (metadata).

> These route follow the same authorization and validation as the S3 routes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These routes follows the same authorization and validation as the S3 routes:
```

- Authorize the request with support for Implicit Denies from the IAM service.
- Retrieve the bucket and object metadata if applicable.

> - Evaluate the S3 Bucket Policies and ACLs before authozing the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Evaluate the S3 Bucket Policies and ACLs before authorizing the request.
```

  - Backbeat routes are only authorized given the right permission, currently,
    `objectReplicate` as a unique permission for all these special routes.
  - In order to be authorized without S3 Bucket Policy, the caller must be
    authorized by the IAM service and the ACLs. Service accounts and accounts
    are allowed.
- Finally, evaluate the quotas before allowing the request to proceed.

## List of supported APIs

```plaintext
PUT /_/backbeat/metadata/<bucket name>/<object key>
```

> To edit one existing S3 Object's metadata.

Reviewer 2: I believe this also puts metadata for new objects, this API is used by CRR.

```plaintext
GET /_/backbeat/metadata/<bucket name>/<object key>?versionId=<version id>
```

To get one existing S3 Object's metadata. Version id can be specified to get
the metadata of a specific version.

```plaintext
PUT /_/backbeat/data/<bucket name>/<object key>
```

To put directly to the storage layer the data for an existing S3 Object.

```plaintext
PUT /_/backbeat/multiplebackenddata/<bucket name>/<object key>?operation=putobject
```

To put directly to the storage layer the data for an existing S3 Object.

> Use case: Cross Region Replication (CRR).

Reviewer 2: All `multiplebackenddata` APIs are used by Zenko Replication and not CRR.
CRR uses the following APIs:
```
PUT /_/backbeat/metadata/<bucket name>/<object key>
GET /_/backbeat/metadata/<bucket name>/<object key>?versionId=<version id>
PUT /_/backbeat/data/<bucket name>/<object key>
```
as well as 
```
POST /_/backbeat/batchdelete
```
which is used by other features as well.
